feat(cli): support creation and deletion of session without keeping cli alive (#252)
Maistra/istio-workspace: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/cli_reference.adoc

include::cmd:ike[flags='serve --help --help-format=adoc']

[#ike-create]
=== `ike create`

Creates or joins existing development session in the cluster. Allows to re-route cluster network traffic to your local process.

> The `create` command will use the `prepared-image` strategy when adding the reference to the `Session` and an Image is required.

Reviewer: This sentence reads a bit odd - I don't know if it will use `prepared-image` strategy when I add `Session` and `Image` reference or that both are required?

Author: https://github.com/Maistra/istio-workspace/pull/252/commits/73b784145496295ab9df0f496eaa2d34d5c33bdf

Removed reference to Strategy for now until we doc that part

> The `create` command require an image reference to a repository reachable from within the cluster and will prepare a session with the given image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `create` command requires an image reference to a repository which is reachable from within the cluster. It will prepare a session with the given image.
```

Author: fixed
